General subscripting (#3395)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/arrays.tex

\item
  Binding equations of the form \lstinline!x1 = x2! are allowed for arrays independent of whether the index types of dimensions are subtypes of \lstinline!Integer!, \lstinline!Boolean!, or enumeration types.
\end{itemize}

> Operations constructing arrays (e.g., matrix multiplication, indexing, array constructors) only generate arrays index by \lstinline!Integer!.

Reviewer: It seems very strange to me that matrix multiplication would turn enumeration-indexed dimensions into `Integer`-indexed:
```
type EA = enumeration(…);
type EB = enumeration(…);
type EC = enumeration(…);
Real[EA, EB] x;
Real[EB, EC] y;
EA a;
EB c;
Real z = (x * y)[a, c]; // Correct way to index product, right?!
```

Author: The enumeration-indexed dimensions are not well supported; so it is even unclear if `x*y` is legal etc. In general, I see some uses of enumeration-indexing - but currently it looks like something bolted-on, and I'm not if we have the resources to integrate it that fully. (BTW: `Real z=x[a,:]*y[:,c];` is, of course, an alternative for getting that element - which may be more efficient.)

> Operations constructing arrays (e.g., matrix multiplication, indexing, array constructors) only generate arrays indexed by \lstinline!Integer!.

Reviewer: If not placed in a non-normative section, it can at least be formulated as a consequence with explanations and references to relevant parts of the document, rather than an added restriction.  This would also give us a better chance at seeing what lies behind this statement.

Reviewer: Thinking some more about #3410, I suggest that we skip this sentence for now, and instead consider including it in a PR for #3410:
```suggestion
```

The number of dimensions of the expression is reduced by the number of scalar index arguments.
If the number of index arguments is smaller than the number of dimensions of the array, the trailing indices will use `\lstinline!:!'.

It is possible to index a general expression by enclosing it in parenthesis.

> Note that the grammar is left factored and allows indexing of \lstinline[language=grammar]!output-expression-list!, but only indexing of an expression is syntactically valid.

Reviewer: Isn't this a semantical rule, rather than syntactical?  I suppose we could also omit the reason:
```suggestion
Note that while the subscripts are applied to a \lstinline[language=grammar]!output-expression-list! in the grammar, it is only semantically valid when the \lstinline[language=grammar]!output-expression-list! represents an expression.
```

Author: Well, as the grammar is currently written it is a semantic rule (due to left-factoring to make it LL(k)), but if we would switch to an LR-grammar it would be a syntactic rule.
